Deprecate `existingDataSeedInstance` option to CREATE DATABASE (#1047)
neo4j/docs-cypher: modules/ROOT/pages/deprecations-additions-removals-compatibility.adoc

This section lists all of the features that have been removed, deprecated, added, or extended in different Cypher versions.
Replacement syntax for deprecated and removed features are also indicated.

[[cypher-deprecations-additions-removals-5.25]]
== Neo4j 5.25

> === New features
> 
> [cols="2", options="header"]
> |===
> | Feature
> | Details
> 
> a|
> label:functionality[]
> label:new[]
> [source, cypher, role="noheader"]
> ----
> CREATE DATABASE db OPTIONS { existingDataSeedServer: ... }
> ----
> | The option `existingDataSeedServer` has beed added to `CREATE DATABASE`. The functionality is the same as the deprecated option `existingDataSeedServer` which this replaces.
> |===
> 
> === Deprecated features
> 
> [cols="2", options="header"]
> |===
> | Feature
> | Details
> 
> a|
> label:functionality[]
> label:deprecated[]
> [source, cypher, role="noheader"]
> ----
> CREATE DATABASE db OPTIONS { existingDataSeedInstance: ... }
> ----
> | The `CREATE DATABASE` option `existingDataSeedInstance` has been deprecated and replaced with the option `existingDataSeedServer`. The functionality is unchanged.
> |===

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Deprecated features

[cols="2", options="header"]
|===
| Feature
| Details

a|
label:functionality[]
label:deprecated[]
[source, cypher, role="noheader"]
----
CREATE DATABASE db OPTIONS { existingDataSeedInstance: ... }
----
| The `CREATE DATABASE` option `existingDataSeedInstance` has been deprecated and replaced with the option link:{neo4j-docs-base-uri}/operations-manual/{page-version}/database-administration/standard-databases/create-database/#manage-databases-create-database-options[`existingDataSeedServer`]. The functionality is unchanged.
|===

=== New features

[cols="2", options="header"]
|===
| Feature
| Details

a|
label:functionality[]
label:new[]
[source, cypher, role="noheader"]
----
CREATE DATABASE db OPTIONS { existingDataSeedServer: ... }
----
| The option link:{neo4j-docs-base-uri}/operations-manual/{page-version}/database-administration/standard-databases/create-database/#manage-databases-create-database-options[`existingDataSeedServer`] has been added to `CREATE DATABASE`. The functionality is the same as the deprecated option `existingDataSeedServer`, which this replaces.
|===

```
